NATIVE-167: Add documentation for design-changes and persistence (#36)
Integreat/integreat-react-native-app: docs/12-design-changes.md

# Design Changes

###### WIP Change: Improve "Offers"

> * Discussion on the next conference: Dissolve Extras category into Jobs, Apartment, Other (Other as category for extra wishes) → There is no icon and no wording that summarizes all extras, through the categorized presentation, the offers become more visible and more newcomers can benefit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Discussion on the next conference: Break Extras up into Jobs, Apartment, Other (Other as category for extra wishes) → There is no icon and no wording that summarizes all extras, through the categorized presentation, the offers become more visible and more newcomers can benefit
```

> `Other` as category for extra wishes

Wishes of a certain municipality?

Author: Result of the design workshop. Discussio will follow.

###### Design Change: Release of the react-native app
The design of the react-native app will differ in a few points.
* "Extras" will be changed to "Angebote" (eng. "Offers")
* The tabs will get removed on Android and iOS
* A Dashboard is added:
 ![](figures/dashboard-design.jpg)
 Note: The event preview is planned for a future design change.\

>  Note: The header should contain the Integreat logo xor the back button on iOS and Android.

Reviewer: > Integreat logo

With `Integreat` lettering or only the square icon?

Reviewer: > Integreat logo

With `Integreat` lettering or only the square icon?
